The last day morning in Budapest!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / yyxy - frozen"
(And LOOΠΔ / yyxy are not fully awake yet even they're in front of the camera!)
Olivia Hye: Ah, I slept a lot~
Chuu: Me too...
Olivia Hye: Way too much...
Yves: I'm swollen...
Yves: It's a bittersweet moment right now...
Yves: When I go back to Korea
Yves:  I will hand something delicious out to our members and hug them firstly
Yves: And I will eat cooked rice.
Go Won: Me too! I want to eat that too!
Yves: Also I want to eat kimchi!
(They really want to eat Korean food. Because they stayed in Hungary for a long time!)
Olivia Hye: I don't know when I can come back to Hungary.
Olivia Hye: I feel a sense of satisfaction for having great time here.
Olivia Hye: And I will go back to Korea quickly.
(Olivia Hye's perfect comment for the ending!)
Yves: Such a smooth talker!
Go Won: Bye bye Hungary~
(They're saying goodbye to Budapest!)
(Thank you for watching LOOΠΔ TV for LOOΠΔ / yyxy)